# PuTTY Colorizer

This app allows the user to create PuTTY color schemes and generate Widows
registry snippets that will configure an arbitrary number of existing profiles
to use it.

## DISCLAIMER

THE OUTPUT OF THIS PROGRAM IS USED WITH THE WINDOWS REGISTRY. AS SUCH, IT MAY
RENDER YOUR PUTTY CONFIGURATION UNUSABLE, OR EVEN BREAK YOUR ENTIRE OPERATING
SYSTEM. YOU WILL USE THIS PROGRAM'S OUTPUT AT YOUR OWN RISK. AUTHOR DOES NOT
GIVE ANY WARRANTIES.

## PuTTY colors

The PuTTY colors are internally named "ColourN" where N starts with 0 and ends
with 21. The following is the mapping between these numbers and the the color
names in the user interface:

* 0: Default Foreground
* 1: Default Bold Foreground
* 2: Default Background
* 3: Default Bold Background
* 4: Cursor Text
* 5: Cursor Color
* 6: ANSI Black
* 7: ANSI Black Bold
* 8: ANSI Red
* 9: ANSI Red Bold
* 10: ANSI Green
* 11: ANSI Green Bold
* 12: ANSI Yellow
* 13: ANSI Yellow Bold
* 14: ANSI Blue
* 15: ANSI Blue Bold
* 16: ANSI Magenta
* 17: ANSI Magenta Bold
* 18: ANSI Cyan
* 19: ANSI Cyan Bold
* 20: ANSI White
* 21: ANSI White Bold

The color values themselves are stored as 3 integers representing the R, G, and
B values. For example: '0,0,0' for black, '0,0,255' for blue, and so on.

## The Interface

The user interface is divided into three portions:

* The color pickers for different colors
* Color scheme preview
* Registry output

All UI components are live: when the color pickers are used to select different
colors, the preview and registry output automatically refresh.

## Hacking

To hack at PuTTY Colorizer, you need to have NodeJS and Compass installed.
Clone the repository and::

    $ npm install
    $ compass watch
    $ npm start

## License

This code is licensed under MIT license. See the `LICENSE` file.
